LEYLA AND MECNUN
EPISODE 13
What a beautiful city!
How about you finish school and
work as a civil servant here!
Who? Me, a civil servant! No way dad.
A civil servant! Do I look like
a civil servant to you!
I don't even know how to tie a necktie.
Civil servants are very nervous
and stressed-out people.
What is this! What kind of food is this!
If what we eat in
Istanbul is called bagel,
this should have another name.
Right, Iskender!
I'm not talking to you.
-Why!
-What kind of a man are you!
Why did you tell our names to the police!
I told you already, they had the paper.
I am not the one who drew it, he is.
Don't downgrade it by calling it paper,
it's a work of art.
I drew it so well that they found us
right away. Besides,
how do we know you didn't snitch
on us during the interrogation!
I don't want to point the finger at anyone
but there is Yavuz,
the thief.
A thief, a bandit. He's not reliable.
Check him out. Today a thief,
tomorrow a murderer.
-Check him out.
-Tell the truth!
Shame on you Yavuz,
Am I that kind of a person!
I'm getting even more suspicious.
You are exaggerating Yavuz,
Erdal wouldn't do such a thing.
We are friends.
Does a person sell out a friend!
Am I wrong, Iskender!
Have you committed a planned murder!
Erdal. Grocer. I mean Erdal.
He must have done it.
He must have pushed him to do it.
They never got along with
the deceased anyway.
They always had a problem.
He shot Erdal in the hand before he died.
Yes, plastic bullets, but they still hurt.
Watch that guy!
You're right, pal, he wouldn't do it.
We are friends. Yavuz! It is all over,
what's the point of still bothering him!
Did you do anything behind our backs?
Come on, brother. I didn't even
open my mouth, I swear.
Enough already. Here we are blaming
each other in beautiful Ankara.
This is not us.
Your name is Mecnun, right!
I can't believe you! We were packed
practically on top of each other
traveling 450 kilometers to come here
Where to begin?
My grandpa wasn't fond of the deceased.
He's not my real grandpa, I saw him in
my dream and when I woke up, there he was.
He stays at our house. Can you believe it!
He sleeps in my bed.
He has a stick. Would a normal man
walk around with a stick!
-Don't you think so, buddy!
-Buddy!
Grandpa, I said grandpa.
What happened to our conversation!
What do you say?
We are not people who would sell
each other out, are we!
I told them to stop! I told them
not to do it!
But they didn't listen to me.
Then, they all started to fight.
While they were pulling the bag,
the man fell down.
That's how it happened.
Grandpa! Did you spill the beans?
Shame on you. Even I wouldn't do this.
We tried so hard not to talk
and you threw us to the wolves.
I took all the risk and just shut up in
there. I didn't even open my mouth.
Stop! At least, I told the truth.
What if one of you told
something different!
Who could have done that, grandpa!
Do you realize that what you are saying is
not the same as what you hear!
-Chief.
-What is he talking about!
I really don't understand this man
I did it. It's not anyone else's fault.
He took my bag, and I pushed him down.
You pushed him, my foot!
You weren't even there, babyface.
How do you know that?
Do you have a witness! Who saw it?
I'm saying I did it. Set them free.
Take me to jail.
Never mind. I don't care who said what.
We are out, we have bagels, we have tea.
We are in Ankara. Let's enjoy it.
Look, that's Odakule tower.
-Odakule, right.
-Yes, Odakule.
That's a tower! That's a tower!
That's a tower, too! I know that as well.
That's not what I'm saying.
I know that's Atakule.
Look, that's a castle.
Yes but they demolished SSK Passage,
what about that, Brother Ismail!
You broke my heart now, Brother Ismail.
I can't even eat my bagel, I'm so sad.
You reminded me of Leyla.
I wonder what they are doing now.
They didn't have any money. Do you think
they could have moved to a new house?
Let me call her.
My phone is dead, see! Can I use
your phone dad?
My phone is dead, too, son.
-But you charged it all night!
-Didn't they send you to jail?
Where did you come from! Damn it!
This is Ankara. How did you find us!
Arda, son, what are you doing here really!
I saw them take you away, Grandpa.
I came all the way here to help.
Mecnun would have done
the same thing, too.
How did we not think of him!
I mean I don't know what he did but if
there is some dirty business,
it's him for sure.
You know why?
Because he's an asshole.
He's a real scumbag. It's him for sure.
I think you should catch him right away.
Lock him up in a high security prison.
He should be thrown in some corner
and left to rot there.
-What's he talking about?
-Get out of here! You nutcase!
-Should I leave then?
-Go away.
How are you going to help! I came to
Ankara. What kind of a man are you!
I'm in Ankara. Leyla is in Istanbul.
I'm in Ankara. Are you in love with me?
Enough already about Leyla!
Mecnun, look at what has happened to us
because of Leyla.
Because of Leyla! Is this
because of Leyla!
For God's sake dad!
We are eating a nice bagel and having tea.
We are in Ankara.
The bagel is nice, you are right.
It's really good, Ismail.
But almost went to jail.
Was it because of Leyla?
Why do you say that?
To some extent, yes, Mecnun.
If you hadn't brought that man
to our place
he wouldn't have met Ismail.
If he hadn't met Ismail
he wouldn't have stolen his bag.
If he hadn't stolen Ismail's bag
we wouldn't have chased him to the
construction site
Erdal, enough already, stop it,
I've had enough.
I was just about to finish, Iskender.
I was at the construction site.
Hey, Ankara, babe! I'm telling you, let go
of Leyla, dude. Find another girl.
-Look, get out of here!
-Don't talk like that!
Enough already! Stop it. Behave
yourselves. Arda, is your car available!
Yes, it is. There's a suitcase in the back
seat but it's available.
-You came with a suitcase!
-Yes, I wanted to be ready.
Ok, go. Let's go. Everyone in the car!
-What! I would never get in his car, dad.
-Ok then, you can return by train.
-What train! Dad, please.
-Mecnun, I'm off.
What do you mean you're off
Brother Ismail!
What are you doing! Don't go!
Where are you going! What is this!
God damn all of you!
Dad, I have no money! Grandpa! You, too!
-Open the trunk Arda.
-I don't have any money!
Arda! You all got into the car
like bloody idiots.
At least give me some bagel.
Give me some change.
-We'll see you at the sea shore.
-I have no money, chum.
See you at the coast.
Painting the exterior of the building
is a must.
The windows and roof require repair, too.
The door is old, too. We should have
a steel door.
-We can't get the stuff from home, can we!
-No. It's all been impounded.
Never mind. The sofas I bought when I was
moving are still at the girls' house.
We'll bring them here. After that,
it will be a very nice, cozy home.
Sevim! Leyla! Are you out of your minds!
No, personally I'm not. Mom?
No, I'm rather sane too. I'm OK.
I can manage for another
three to five years.
Look at them. Mother and daughter have
joined forces to laugh at me.
Is this a place fit to live in!
Look at it. It's a wreck.
Daddy, be a little more positive,
will you!
Yes, we were kicked out of our home.
No one is giving you a job
because of Arda's dad.
We couldn't find a house to suit
our budget, and all that.
Anything else? Is there anything
I missed, mom?
-The car, you forgot to mention the car.
-Correct, we don't have a car any more.
I will solve the problem permanently.
Here, I'll just leave it here.
What is this! Is this a bribe!
Let's not call it a bribe. It's a small
gift from us.
50 Liras! You have some cheek.
I don't want money from you,
I want your daughter, Metin.
My daughter is your daughter, sir.
Leyla is your daughter in law.
Arda! What about you and Leyla!
Are you serious about her or is it
just a whim?
I have serious intentions, Uncle Iskender.
Come on. Tell me the truth,
I know you are trying to seduce her.
What are you talking about Uncle Iskender!
We were getting engaged but your son
came on a horse and ruined everything.
Yes. My son does have such a habit.
He used to spoil his friends' games
when he was little.
-Hey Yavuz, look! It's just for you.
-Why are you like this!
Yavuz! What are you looking at!
I told you to look at the radio.
I miss Zeynep.
It's the first time we have been apart
this long.
You should get married pal. It's time.
I hope so. God willing...
Do you know what's the best thing
about Ankara?
-Get out of the car!
-What is this! Such an idiot.
-Get off! Shut the door!
Drive, Arda. This joke never ends.
Hey Nurten! Do you think they are
secretly up to something?
No way, sister, what can they be up to!
Then why did they suddenly
disappear like that?
You know I have spoken to Erdal.
They are all together.
You won't believe what happened, Nurten!
We were going to Rami to buy supplies
but then we were talking and we got
confused
we took the wrong turn and found ourselves
in Ankara.
At that moment we got a flat tire.
A mechanic came and you'll never guess
what he told us.
He said we had a flat tire.
And so, I told him to fix
it if it was flat.
-Can one tell an outright lie like that?
-Ok, Nurten.
Do you think it's convincing at all?
To tell the truth, it doesn't sound
very convincing to me, Nurten.
I am personally satisfied
with this explanation.
Alright, grandpa. I bought the tickets.
I had just enough money.
-Did you get sleeper tickets?
-No, that was expensive,
I got sitting space tickets.
But I can't sleep on a seat.
I have to lie down comfortably to sleep.
Grandpa, the seats are also comfortable.
You can sleep there, it's not prohibited.
By the way, I got us student tickets,
if they ask you for your card,
pretend you're asleep, alright?
Actually you are very old, you already
have a discount, right?
Here comes the stick!
Ok, grandpa, ok, don't do this in public.
I hardly have enough money for a ticket,
where would I find that much more
money for Leyla!
-How much do you need?
-A lot, for sure.
If it was a lot according to us,
maybe we could have found it but
it is a lot according to their standards,
what am I going to do!
Don't get upset. We'll find a way.
You can manage for sure.
Just act wisely.
-Anyway, I'll go and buy some magazines.
-Why, are you going to read them?
No but it's one of those things you do,
you buy stuff to read on a trip.
If we don't read them we can dump them
in Istanbul.
Hey, young man! Want to sell
your soul to me?
Kamil! What are you doing here in Ankara!
Everyone is in Ankara!
What are you wearing! Is that a costume?
Are you here for a children's play?
Yes, I came for the children's theater.
Look, I'm a fairy tale character.
Don't be ridiculous, Mecnun!
I'm a businessman. I do business.
-Are you going to sell your soul to me?
-Uh?
Your soul! Are you going to sell it to me?
My soul! How could I sell my soul,
suddenly like his?
You can. It's very easy, just sign here
and we'll be done.
Are you going to take my soul
in return for a signature?
What kind of a man are you!
What are you going to do with my soul?
I thought I can use your soul if something
happens to mine.
Do you even need it?
Have you ever needed it?
Have I ever needed it?
I fell in love thanks to that soul.
Ok, you fell in love and you don't need it
anymore. Give it to me.
Get out of here,
I have a splitting headache.
What did you drink? Go away!
Ok then, at least sell your
grandpa's stick to me Mecnun.
Are you out of your mind?
What will you do with that stick!
I have to buy something here.
I have a bag full of money.
I have to spend it. Look!
A bag full of money?
Where did you that much money?
Take this money and persuade Mecnun to
sell the stick.
Ok boss. You will get the stick.
I got it from somewhere. Never mind.
It's just a wooden stick. Sell it already.
So you want to buy the stick
with all this money!
Yes. I will give you a bag full of money
in return for that stick, Mecnun.
Hold his head!
My God.
What's going on?
What the hell is going on?
11 May 2023
What is this uncle! What's going on!
What is this, 2023?
Oh my God. What's going on!
Kaan Grocery
Is that Kaan Grocery?
What's up! Your wife's orders are ready.
What wife? Who the hell are you?
What on earth! Are you ok? I'm Kaan.
Kaan! How?
Has Grandpa hit me on the head again
with his stick?
Your mustache is gone and it's better.
You look younger.
Get out of here. Don't touch me.
Where is Erdal?
They have moved from here, you know.
He's into another line of work now.
-Another line of work?
-Yes.
He never had the mind of a businessman,
he never understood this business,
you know.
And you have! The only thing you've
achieved has been to take over this shop.
Is this that what you call
a businessman's mind?
That's only the beginning.
I have many plans.
Plans?
It's 2023 and you're still talking about
plans.
Look at me! What have I become?
How did I end up like this?
Look at him!
What is that lunchbox in my hand?
It's 2023, what am I doing
with a lunchbox in 2023?
Look, Pakize. You do it like this.
-Push it like this.
-Oh, daddy.
It's done.
Here comes the shithead. Look at me!
What have I become?
Leyla!
She's grown so fat! Is it her?
This isn't Leyla.
Is that Leyla?
But this isn't Leyla. Who did I marry?
Look at me!
I'm talking nonsense in 2023.
God, I think I'm going mad.
Good. At least the seashore is
still where it used to be.
Didn't I get any sleep?
What happened to me?
Mecnun!
What's up!
-Brother Ismail. How are you?
-I'm fine.
I'm still waiting. Everyone has a job,
except for Ismail.
You were going to get me a position at
your office, and what happened?
What!
You were going to get me a position at
your place, what happened?
My office!
Are you going to start working with us?
Ok, Mecnun, you are right. Never mind me,
live your own life. I'll manage somehow.
I don't understand why things have
turned out this way. It's complicated.
What!
It's complicated. You know
my state of mind!
-Yes!
-I don't get it.
-Don't get what!
I'm confused.
Where is Grandpa!
-He should be in the parking lot now.
-Parking lot?
-Brother Ismail?
-Yes?
-Is he here!
-Yes, he is.
What is he doing here?
Grandpa!
-Son!
-Grandpa! Have you shaved your beard?
Yes, it was itching.
You have shaved your mustache as well.
You know what Grandpa? We were on
the train you and I, and you fell asleep.
That's where it all happened.
Before I got on the train, Kamil came to
me and
offered me money to sell my soul.
He had a bag full of money.
And then he asked me to sell your stick.
So, I sold him your stick.
How come?
So did you come here from the past?
-Yes.
-I knew it. I knew this day would come.
I have always lived with this dream.
Even in my desperate moments
I dreamt of this moment and now it has
come.
What moment?
The moment that I smash your face in!
For God's sake!
What's the matter with you?
How could you give my stick
to a stranger!
Grandpa, please. Don't do this.
You told me not to be desperate.
Didn't you told me to use my chances
wisely? Now he attacks me with the stick.
Am I the one to blame!
Look how you found a nice bat instead of
your stick, how elegant, how beautiful.
You don't have to get angry.
You've become so angry with time!
We have to find Leyla right away,
Grandpa. Please, let's find Leyla.
I have to see Leyla.
But we don't know where Leyla is, son.
They disappeared suddenly and you
married that relative of Grocer Erdal's.
It all happened
because you sold the stick.
-Stop behaving so selfishly for once, son.
-Grandpa!
-Life is...
You have neither a beard nor a stick.
Your hair is a mess, but you are
still trying to teach me a lesson.
I admire your determination but
please stop. It's 2023.
What am I supposed to do here?
I am stuck here. I can't even
return to the past.
If I could returned to the past, I would
win the lottery
but I'm in the future! I don't know
what this is!
Did I really marry Erdal's relative
in Germany?
Don't worry son. We're here to help.
Everything has a solution.
I'll take you back to where you belong.
Don't worry.
How are we going to do that?
With this.
It's a time machine. It only has a few
minor flaws.
We can get out of here as soon as
I fix them.
Grandpa, what do you know
about time machines?
I am trying to clean your mess here.
See what he's doing instead of
thanking me?
No Grandpa, this is not the way.
We have to find your stick.
I will bring your stick back. I swear.
We have to find Kamil first.
I know where Kamil is.
Let's go smash his face and take the
stick.
There are very tough matches in the
league but I believe
Fenerbahce will win the cup this year.
They have been yearning
for it for 40 years.
Kamil! Get ready.
-What are you doing?
-What are you doing here?
Kamil! You bullied our brother.
What d'ya mean bullying, Ismail?
What are you talking about?
You took his stick.
Why don't you give the stick
back to him?
What stick? I don't have anybody's stick.
Don't be ridiculous.
I have to go on air. Leave me alone!
What do you mean you don't have the stick?
Remember, 12 years ago
in Ankara train station.
You told me to sell you my soul. Remember.
You had horns on your head.
You took Grandpa's stick. Where is it
I gave it to Arda's dad.
Arda's dad? Why did you give it away?
Why did you give it to that man?
Why did you give it to Arda's dad?
He never liked us. How will we
get it back?
He is keeping the stick on the top floor
of his building.
They are hiding it in a very secure room.
It's impossible to get in.
No one can go through that door.
I know someone who can.
Who?
You remember our Grandpa.
Oh Please! Did he die?
No, no. He's fine. He's alright.
He's in good health.
I thought something bad happened when
you talked like that, Mecnun.
He's alright, but...
I forgot what I was going to say.
Actually, we have a big problem.
I don't know how to begin.
I'm not going to tell the whole story now.
I don't want to bother you...
Mecnun gave away Grandpa's stick, Yavuz.
Correct!
He wants to say it but he can't spill the
beans, he's embarrassed.
He can't say it. Correct! Yes.
They found out he was naive so they took
the stick away from him.
Brother Ismail, what do you think
are you doing?
You keep interfering all the time.
-So, do we have to fight?
-Of course not!
They are keeping the stick
in a very secure room.
They told us it's an impregnable room
and impossible to gain access to it.
So I came to you. You are the only
one who can do this.
You've come to the right place.
There's no such word as impossible in our
dictionary.
-Do you have a dictionary?
-Did I speak too boldly?
No, I think it is great.
But the bottom line is that we don't, we
don't have a dictionary.
We can buy one, Zeynep. Don't worry.
Besides, I think we should write it
on the wall there.
-Can we write it on the back, too?
-You're right.
You can buy it easily. They have some
in stores.
Sure, write it on the wall but what about
our problem? Will you help us?
Did I ever refuse you anything, brother?
Are there any doors I can't open?
-We'll go and get that stick.
-Well done!
Well done! I mean really well done!
That's great, just like in the old days.
We are putting the gang together like in
the movies. Well done!
Really! Let's go.
Ismail, maybe you shouldn't come.
-Why!
-It's dangerous and complicated.
It's not an easy job after all.
You see!
It's been so many years, but he still
doesn't hear himself talking.
Do you see this?
Do you hear that?
It has been so many years but he
still doesn't hear himself talking.
Hear this? Nope.
See this?
Are they matches?
No, they are candies.
Of course they're matches.
Your brother Ismail is a man of action.
Your brother Ismail is...
Mission impossible.
How do I open this!
One minute.
Where is the lock?
Oh hi! How much for this?
Do you give a discount if we buy
it all in bulk?
My friends and I are interested in this.
We are serious.
Any discount for it?
No!
Fine then, please excuse me. Take care.
Wait. Please turn right.
I said right, is that your right?
He doesn't know his right from his left.
Let me go!
Do you think I should have
a pink one again?
-Tell me a number.
-Three.
-You too!
-12.
-Seven.
Let's see.
-What kind of a password is this?
-Come on.
Can any door resist me?
What will we do now!
Where did they hide the stick?
-What did Kamil say?
-The secure room on the top floor.
-Where is the secure room?
-On the top floor.
On the top floor. Ok, let's go.
Oh my God! This is not a normal lock.
We'll need a retinal scan.
How will we do a retinal scan?
Relax. No problem. I'm just sorry that
I carried this bag for nothing. Zeynep!
-Eyes wide shut.
-Who!
Thank you.
We got this done in an eye surgery.
Picklock retina!
It comes handy in such situations.
-Let's take the stick.
-Yavuz, there is a laser system.
What! A laser system! This is too much.
It's only a stick!
If they left two pairs of shoes
at the door,
we would have thought there
was someone inside and wouldn't enter.
Chill out, Mecnun, leave it to us.
Ismail, open it.
-Are we ready?
-We are.
Ismail! What are you doing!
You were dancing so elegantly that
I wanted to dance as well.
It seemed so nice.
-Brother Ismail, what's up?
-I'm fine. You?
Come on, run, run, run.
Come on Ismail!
My God!
What's up officer, couldn't you sleep?
Mecnun.
I am talking to you. Mecnun!
-Yes, dad.
-You are a married man with kids.
Many years have gone by.
Forget about her already.
What about her, dad?
I've been there too.
Don't lie to me.
Go to sleep and rest a little. Now.
Go on.
I think we should have the little one
circumcised this summer, dad.
Of course we should, he is a grown man.
Should we have it done in the garden or
organize a party at Mr. Bahri's place?
I will take care of it.
You should go and rest now, son.
You have never hugged me like this even
once, dad.
Daddy! Daddy!
What daddy? Who are you?
Get out of here!
Are these toys still popular?
Don't you have any light sabers?
Look at him! How can I be your father?
You don't look like me! Go away!
I'm like an emigrant at my own house.
Haven't I left home yet?
Here is Leyla.
-Son!
-Grandpa! Is that you?
So you found me here as well!
Dear son! It has been exactly 12 years.
You never stopped coming here every day.
She never stopped, Grandpa.
She didn't give up, either.
She always comes here.
"Her love has not abandoned me"
"I'm hungry. I'm thirsty, sir"
"I'm an civil servant now, I have roots
but her love hasn't abandoned me"
Do you know that today is their wedding
anniversary, Grandpa?
How do you know?
Because we got married on the
same day.
How lucky you are.
You will never forget your anniversary
this way.
I'm just saying you should look on
the bright side of things.
Son! You are a responsible person.
You have a family. Think about
your home, your wife, your kids.
I think about them Grandpa.
I do but... It's like...
It's like the past is
always chasing after me Grandpa.
-Yes, exactly! It's right behind you.
-What are you talking about?
Uh? What do you mean?
I mean...
You are going to be late to work.
Do you want to get fired?
Grandpa!
What do we have to lose other than
our lunchboxes?
You have a family.
I would love to show you what would
happen to them
if you lost your job but since you gave
my stick away, it's not possible.
The stick again, Grandpa!
It's been 12 years. 12 years.
-It's because of you!
-Enough already!
For God's sake! You won't ever grow
tired of reminding me of this.
Grandpa, there she is.
Why didn't you tell me where she was?
Son! Now you are two people.
What am I supposed to do with you?
-Leyla!
-Stop son, where are you going?
Why are you stopping me Grandpa?
I will go and talk to Leyla.
Don't. Don't tell her anything;
she'll think you're crazy.
Let's get out of here at once.
I will talk to her for two minutes.
What's the big deal?
-Mommy!
-My lovely girl!
Mommy? Did she call her mommy?
What did you expect?
It has been so long. She's moved
on with her life.
Come on son. Let's get out of here
at once.
Since you're in such a hurry, there is
definitely something going on.
What is it Grandpa? What else is there?
Isn't it Arda?
Did she marry Arda?
Is this their daughter?
She even had a child from him.
And she got married. Leyla!
I wish you had given birth to me
instead of that child.
I'd rather call you mom!
I wish I didn't love you this much!
I wish I loved someone else!
-Son!
-What do you want Arda?
-What! Can't I see my wife!
Watch the ducks, my love.
I don't understand why you come here
every day.
Never mind.
-We are meeting tonight, right?
-Why?
What do you mean? You never
remember our wedding anniversary.
Anyway, I'll pick you up at eight.
Don't be late. You know I hate it. Ok?
You know what? Isn't this place
ridiculous?
There are pools and everything.
Want to build a residence here?
Or maybe a parking garage?
It would be great.
Don't worry son. My time machine is
almost in working condition.
If we're lucky, you'll be home tonight.
You can have tea at home.
-Will it really work?
-Yes, of course.
What does this time machine run on? Gas?
What d'ya mean gas? Who uses gas
anymore? It runs on plutonium.
We should remember to get some
plutonium before we leave
so that we don't get stranded on the way.
Isn't plutonium radioactive
or nuclear, Grandpa?
It's all nuclear things now. Everything is
nuclear.
Ok but where will you find it? Do you buy
nuclear material from a store?
Grandpa, we have uranium, zirconium,
torium, and krypton.
They've just been delivered. My aunt sent
some from the village. Still fresh.
Kaan! What are you doing?
This a grocery store!
It's 2023 son. Nuclear stuff is all the
rage. Everything is nuclear.
Kaan, any plutonium, son?
-Unfortunately no, Grandpa.
-Why?
There's a market shortage,
we won't get any before long.
We can't manage with the amount we have.
You should have built a machine that runs
on gas or water, Grandpa.
Why did you build a nuclear one?
How does it work, what is it's system?
After you put in the plutonium, you get
into the car and start the engine.
When you reach the desired speed
your time travel begins.
What if it doesn't work?
Then you won't have to worry about much.
You'll have already been
split into your atoms.
Really! How very comforting.
Thank you Grandpa.
What is he doing?
Ismail! Wake up son.
What is it Grandpa, am I in the past now?
But you are still the same.
Is this the recent past?
Which past are you talking about!
You were sleeping inside.
But I was going to go to the past.
I wanted to have a little time trip.
I have never seen a dinosaur; I thought
maybe I would see some dinosaurs.
I got into this car to travel to the past
but some time actually passed.
-Some time has passed.
-Yes, time has passed.
Time has passed, I see.
What am I doing here?
-Do dinosaurs come close to you?
-Yes, they do. They come very close.
-Why couldn't I see the dinosaurs?
-You can see me!
-You can't go in.
-Why not? Step aside brother.
-What are you going to do inside?
-I want to walk in the park.
You can't enter alone. This is a
family park.
-A family park?
-Yes.
-What is a family park? Is it like a bar?
-Get out of my way.
Get out of here. I can't let you in.
There are people with children inside.
I also have children.
I have many children.
Where are they!
I left the house in a hurry.
I forgot them at home. Let me in and
I'll bring them later.
I can't let you in without a child.
Go away.
What the hell!
Darling, son, my dear child.
Here, take your toy.
What is this? Damn it.
Ali Nazik!
Come here. Breakfast is ready.
I wasn't going to steal him.
I was going to put him back where he was,
I swear.
Mecnun! Haven't you gone to work?
It's vaccination day so they gave us the
afternoon off. That's why.
What is this outfit?
What about it? Casual.
Did you...
...shave your mustache!
It was always itching dad.
I thought I'd better shave it.
-Where are your glasses?
-I see fine.
What's with your hair?
What have you done?
-Isn't it better this way!
-No, it's not.
Come on, the breakfast is ready.
Let the child go.
I will take the child to the park so
he can get some fresh air and play.
He is hungry, son. Let him go!
Mecnun, why don't you eat something son?
Why do you behave like a stranger?
No.
No, what!
No, mom.
No? No what, son?
I'm not a stranger at all.
I'm your son, mom.
Mecnun! Are you ok?
I'm fine, thank you. How are you?
What are you talking about?
Tell me the truth, have you been fired?
No dad, why would I be fired from my
awesome job at...
I mean my job...
Being a civil servant
is my favorite thing.
Why would I be fired?
If he's had enough now, can we go out
to the park?
He's home all day without fresh air.
Ok, take Iskender and Pakize.
Go have some fresh air all together.
-Who and who?
-Iskender and Pakize.
Are my children called Iskender and
Pakize?
You are very creative with the names dad.
I don't even want to talk about Ali Nazik.
Here are the kids. Do I leave them
with you?
I'm a dad!
Ok, pass.
Mecnun!
Go ahead and play, children.
Don't get lost, ok?
Leyla?
What are you doing here?
Why did you come?
Leyla...
I have to talk to you.
I have things to tell to you.
12 years later.
You waited 12 years and now you
have things to tell me!
It's not what you think it is Leyla.
How should I tell you?
Leyla, I am not actually me. It's not me.
Bravo, this is a terrific entrance,
really. It was worth waiting for.
Sorry, I interrupted.
I'm really curious where this is going.
Could you please take me seriously Leyla?
I'm trying to explain something here.
There is nothing to explain Mecnun.
It's all over.
And it has been over for a long time.
Now we are two people waking up to
different mornings.
I want to discuss why this happened,
Leyla.
If you didn't get married to that man
I wouldn't have gotten married.
It's all because of you.
-So I'm the guilty one, right?
-Yes.
So you had kids because of me.
It happened by mistake.
-All three of them!
-No, the first one happened by mistake.
After that, the others came.
Please take off your glasses.
I really don't get what you're saying.
Just a second, so you don't know
why I'm wearing these glasses!
No.
How about your sudden departure then?
Everything we lived together?
Everything we lived together? What's this?
I don't know anything about it.
What did we live together?
What happened between us?
You are not telling me.
You don't even know what we have gone
through. You are a real asshole.
After you left, I swore
never to look at the world with my
naked eyes again.
I decided to live in my own dark world
without you.
Why is that! Gosh, I'm sorry but
this is nonsense.
I'm sorry but you have become a very
ridiculous person Leyla.
I intrude in your dreams and call you
but you tell me your heart is broken.
I came to the future for you.
What else can I do?
But you tell me you live in the dark and
you can't get out. What is this, Leyla!
I can't understand you anymore.
You put on those glasses. Have you
really been wearing them for 12 years?
-Yes, that's right.
-You really never took them off?
No, I didn't.
Not even when you were sleeping or
while taking a shower!
-No, I keep wearing them.
-But they would have left a mark.
They have. There is a dent here.
No wonder. Those glasses are big.
You could have used smaller ones.
Big!
Shame on you.
You really aren't worth any of this.
Shame? Leyla, where are you going?
Leyla you got me wrong.
Sevim! Come here honey, we're leaving.
Sevim!
Did you name your daughter after your
mother, Leyla? I can't believe it.
I really can't believe it.
Be a little more creative.
My mother died the month my
daughter was born, Mecnun.
I'm very sorry.
My deepest condolences, Leyla.
Come here sweetheart, come.
Sevim!
Grandpa, maybe we should put in some
orange juice for it to work.
Fresh orange juice is a vitamin bomb.
What do you say? Should we try?
Brother Ismail!
Any luck? Does it look like
it's going to work?
No Mecnun, Grandpa
still hasn't been able to fix it.
He's been working all morning
but still nothing...
It seems like you're going to stay here,
you can't go anywhere.
Ismail! I'm going to hit you on the head
with a stick.
-Ok, fine.
-Son!
-Where have you been?
-I went to see Leyla, Grandpa.
And I tried to return to the past
but I couldn't.
How so?
Good afternoon, I want to buy
a one-way ticket, student fare.
But I want to go back 12 years.
The precise date is not important but...
It would be great to go back to May 2011.
If possible.
Just in case, please don't call me
a maniac. You are a maniac yourself.
What can I do Grandpa! At least I tried.
I am stuck here.
Did you talk to Leyla?
Did you tell her everything?
I did but not much. Something happened.
She got angry, she yelled at me.
She is acting weird.
I don't even know why we broke up.
Is it because she lent you money and you
forgot to pay her back?
No, I would never do that.
I always pay my debts.
I am thinking about talking to myself,
Grandpa.
I will learn all that has happened.
Don't you dare! Never do such a thing.
-Why?
-If you run into yourself,
you can ruin all the balances and
cause irreversible problems.
I can't return either way, Grandpa.
I'm stuck here. What can happen?
Will I upset him?
I don't even care, I'm about to go crazy.
Think of me a little.
That's why I'm concerned.
Think of me here, not the other me.
Me, the one without a mustache.
Besides, what a hideous mustache that is.
Why do I wear it? Why didn't you step in?
-I told you.
-What did you tell me?
I told you not to wear a mustache.
I told you to do something but
why did you go to the 1950's?
Why did I turn out this way?
Is it because I wanted to join
some retro band?
You saw it in the movie
Once Upon a Time in America .
How can I be like this?
Don't worry son, we'll ask all the
neighbors for plutonium, if necessary.
We'll find it somehow.
Why don't we buy it from the store run
by the guy with glasses?
We went there but he didn't have any.
He said we couldn't find it anywhere.
Grandpa! Don't you know the guy?
He's a real smartass.
He must be saving it for the black market.
Let's go and talk to him nicely.
Nicely!
What the hell Kaan, are you a black
marketeer now?
I'm an elder brother to you.
I know it doesn't look like that but I was
your elder brother.
Brother Ismail!
I really don't have any plutonium.
You've become a real hotshot in this
business world, Kaan.
Mecnun, come here and hold him like this.
I also want to ask him a few questions.
Please.
You are asking so nicely.
-Wait a little! He's about to dissolve.
Brother Ismail! It hurts a lot!
I really don't have plutonium but
I know someone who has.
Who?
Brother Erdal.
-What is this?
-What happened to you Erdal?
Mecnun? Ismail?
What's with you?
What do you mean? What's this?
What's happened to you?
Has my eyeliner smudged?
What eyeliner? How? You look disgusting!
Why?
You are making such a big deal of it,
Mecnun! It's like you have never seen me.
-Where was I supposed to see you?
-Welcome guys.
Let me pour you a drink.
-Sex on the bus!
-Who?
No, give me fresh orange juice, straight.
And you, Mecnun?
Erdal, if it's no trouble,
I'll have a little plutonium.
-Plutonium!
-Yes.
Why should I have any plutonium?
Don't lie to us, we know everything.
If you don't want to give it to us,
that's something else.
Then we'll see if your elder brother
finds out about you.
Mecnun, what kind of talk is this?
Someone will hear you.
Then give us the plutonium. What are you
going to do with plutonium anyway?
-We use it for treatment only.
-What treatment?
Nurten and I have been
trying to have a child for a while.
We've been treated with it.
I read about it somewhere.
It's used only for medical purposes.
Were you trying to have a nuclear baby?
I don't get it.
I'm telling you, I read this.
It was just an attempt.
We tried everything. So we tried
plutonium, too.
We even tried locust beans.
We tried everything.
So, can we have the plutonium now?
We could ue a shot, if you have any.
Erdal, do beautiful girls come here?
Should I come every weekend?
Brother Ismail, please.
Honestly dad, if you continue
like this we'll have you sign up
at the chamber of agriculture next month.
Shut up. If you helped me, we could
sign up together.
What is it?
What?
-Your mustache.
-What about it?
-Didn't you shave it?
-No, dad. Why would I do that?
Mecnun, what is it with you these days?
This is so offensive.
What are you trying to say?
-Vaccination.
-What vaccination?
You are certainly up to something.
Where is Grandpa?
He is most probably in the garage.
Grandpa! We found the promarium!
-What?
-I can't say it! Pro...
-Proletariat.
-It's not proletariat.
-We repeated this 15 times on the way.
-What can I do, I can't say it.
I'll be damned if I can remember it,
too!
-Plutonium!
-We got plutonium and sweets.
Sweets! What will we do with sweets?
Grandpa, we are going there,
we can't go empty-handed.
We'll go from here all the way there.
It's a tradition to take a box of sweets.
Ismail, you are not going my son.
Only Mecnun is.
How so?
I don't care! I will go too.
Mecnun? Grandpa?
No son, no. You belong here. You can't go.
I'll go too! Why shouldn't I?
I swear I'll go, too.
Here, I locked the door.
I swear I won't give you the key.
I will go too. Why is only Mecnun going?
Why am I supposed to be alone here?
I will go too!
Brother Ismail, what are you doing?
He's crying like a baby, for God's sake!
Come to your senses! You are a big boy.
He's taken the key and he's crying.
Why are you doing this Brother Ismail?
What do you want from me?
-I want to come, too.
-Why?
I'm so lonely here.
Everyone has his own life.
I'm all by myself.
Ismail, you belong to this time frame,
son. You can't go.
I don't belong here. I don't want
this time nor this world.
I want my friends!
I want it to be like in the old days!
I miss the old days so much!
Brother Ismail, please don't cry.
You'll make me cry, too.
You're breaking my heart.
There is already one there,
Brother Ismail.
If we take you there, there'll be two.
Is this right, Brother Ismail?
It would be the end of us!
Think of us, too!
The world is not ready for this.
Brother Ismail, you are not
listening to me.
-I am.
-Please don't cry. It makes me so sad.
-Ok. I'm not crying.
-Don't cry.
Brother Ismail has friends there...
I'll see him there when I go.
Do you understand? Right, Grandpa?
Sure! Mecnun is right. If Mecnun is
all right, none of this will ever happen.
-Really?
-Of course! I will do you a huge favor.
If you have something to tell Ismail,
I mean from 12 years ago...
It can be a warning, you can tell him to
do or not to do something or...
you may have suggestions. I'll tell them
all to Ismail there when I go.
-Will you really?
-I'll be damned if I don't?
Ok then.
Tell him about me.
Is that all?
And give him these sweets. I love
sweets so much, he'll eat them too.
Here are four boxes, take them.
Take this one too.
Ok, I'm off then.
I have a long and hard trip ahead of me.
If you'll excuse me.
In the name of God the merciful!
Do it, Mecnun!
Go in peace and return in peace.
Grandpa! Is this water bubbling?
Grandpa! It's not working!
To hell with your car!
Gosh! We did all the necessary.
We put in the plutonium, too.
What did we miss?
I'm stuck in the middle of 2023!
Don't worry guys. We'll just push it down
the hill and it will start.
-Dad!
-Yes, dad.
And you tell me you're not up to
something. I know you well, son.
-Can I explain everything?
-There is nothing to explain. I got it.
The real Mecnun is home and
you are Mecnun from the past.
And this is the time machine that
Grandpa has built.
Now we'll push it downhill
so you'll go back to the past and continue
being a punk. That's it!
You figured it out all on your own?
-Yes.
-And does it sound reasonable to you?
No but still, give it a try. Whatever!
I can't deal with you all night! Get on
with it already. And you, stop watching.
Come on!
One, two, three, push!
Change the gear to neutral.
You're killing us. My back!
For God's sake!
No, dad. It's not working.
Don't worry. Once I catch my breath,
I'll make it work downhill. Don't worry.
How will you do that, dad? How can we
start a time machine like that?
We can't go back even for two hours with
this, let alone 12 years!
There's no giving up! I'll start
from the beginning and...
build you a new time machine,
if necessary.
No, Grandpa. Don't bother. I'm ok.
I have decided. I'll stay here, really.
I'll find a nice job here and talk to
myself, too. No problem.
-You'll have two sons.
-No, no, no, no. For God's sake!
I can't take two Mecnuns in
a quarter of a century!
No, Mecnun! We'll send you back!
Don't you worry!
-How?
We'll gather the gang,
just like in the old days.
How did you all make it here so fast?
I'm really scared. How can this be?
Dad, what are you doing?
What is this pose?
It just mean we have team spirit.
It's great that we're all here
but what is this about exactly?
What are we going to do?
Stop! Listen to me! Look, only these two
know what happened between
Leyla and Mecnun. I mean,
the other Mecnun and Leyla.
We have to bring them together.
And how will we learn what happened?
We'll bring them together somehow and
then we'll find a way to get the stick.
Right! Arda is Leyla's husband after all.
Leyla will get it somehow.
Did you say husband? Why do you use
that word? That hurts so much.
Just a minute.
Are we trying to separate Leyla and Arda?
Yes.
No way.
Whoever breaks up a family
will never have a family.
It's not what you think, Erdal.
It's very very complicated.
How will we bring these two together!
Excuse me, son! Can you come here?
Come here.
I got the package. We're on our way!
Dad, don't talk that way.
What's a package?
I got excited. I don't know
what I'm saying.
We'll be there in a second.
What a stupid thing this is! I feel
like a moron with this in my ear.
Grandpa, what do you think?
Will this work out?
It will for sure.
I mean it has to.
I hope it works out.
What do I know! Look at me.
I'm a total wreck now that
they've taken away my stick.
Why do you say that?
I swear it is better this way.
Your face has brightened.
-Really!
-I'll be damned if I'm lying. I swear.
What was that silly beard of yours?
Now you look cool.
Mecnun, you should come.
We'll have so much fun.
I would love to respond positively
to this offer,
my friend but I work tomorrow.
What a hideous, dull, stubborn guy
you are! I wish you were gone and
the other Mecnun stayed here.
How annoying can you be.
-What do you mean, the other Mecnun?
-Ha!
What do you mean, the other Mecnun?
The other Mecnun! Who's that?
You just used those words, Ismail.
No I didn't used those words.
It's not what I said.
The words that come out
of my mouth are not the same as the
ones your ears hear. I didn't say this.
-Come on. We'll have so much fun.
-Ismail,
you are bullying me now, please.
I swear I'll hit you on the head
real hard!
Ismail, you're a bad influence.
Ok, I'll change my shoes and
come right away.
Is it you, Uncle Iskender?
Not at all! Who is Uncle Iskender, missy?
I don't know no Iskender.
I don't even have any sons.
I have six daughters.
-I'm sorry!
-I mean three. Or two.
I think she understood who I am.
Should I kill her?
Gosh, Dad! Why would you kill her?
Stop this kind of behavior!
Just bring her here! That's it.
If you know it all, you should have done
this yourself, you moron!
See how this old man talks! Shame on
you, daddy! There's a girl around.
Don't talk like that in front of her.
-Is Arda here?
-No but he'll be here any minute. Come in.
Come in? Are you a secretary?
How stupid can you be! Look at him!
You nitwit!
Something will go wrong, Grandpa.
It just won't work out.
Remember the old days and never lose
hope, or else you won't survive.
In the old days you had a beard Grandpa.
You were credible but now look at you!
What kind of a face is this?
What a silly hairstyle!
You look so weird, I can't believe you.
I am very stressed out right now.
I'm uncomfortable.
Go in. I'll join you shortly, I promise.
You see Grandpa, I brought Mecnun.
-But you have become so fussy!
-Really?
You have really become a disgusting
person. I swear I'm sick of you.
-But why! I wasn't like this before.
-You were a promising boy.
-Mecnun, is that you?
-Good evening, madam.
Nice. Why did you bring me here?
Madam, did I bring you here?
On the contrary, I was forced
to come here.
Ok then, we can leave.
-She's leaving!
-No.
Have you put on weight?
And you're talking weird.
You have grown a mustache.
What's this? What's going on?
What's wrong, Madam?
You're all obsessed with my mustache.
What's all this fuss about?
Let me pass.
-Please stop being so distant.
-Never.
Tell me everything that happened.
Grandpa, forgive my curiosity
but did you organize this?
Yes, I did. It's all me.
Of course I got support from friends.
It's teamwork.
Anyway, tell me why you two broke up.
Sir, love requires sacrifice.
If I hadn't left Leyla, they were going to
kill her beloved father.
-They were going to kill my father?
-Yes.
It was me who made a sacrifice!
I broke up with you so that
your house wouldn't be demolished.
What?
Did you talk to Arda's father, dad?
I did, my daughter.
And?
And...
I couldn't get what I wanted most.
-I must have made a mistake.
-What are you talking about?
It's bad, my daughter.
He's not pulling back.
Don't worry. We'll find a way.
Mecnun is already out looking for a
solution.
Yes, so I heard.
Mecnun sold his house to give us some
money.
-What did he do?
-He sold his house.
His money is not enough to cover
our debts but they also are poor.
What a pity.
Uncle Metin was such a disgusting man!
I went to Mr. Metin when you didn't
accept my money.
Here you go Uncle Metin.
There is a lot of money here.
I hope it's enough.
Even if this isn't enough, I offered it to
Leyla but she didn't accept it.
After you solve your financial issues,
you can pay me back.
I'll take this.
This isn't enough but they are going to
shoot me anyway.
Shoot you!
-Money is not the problem.
-No?
It's just an excuse.
He's set his mind on making Leyla
marry his son.
They are going to shoot me just because
I told them Leyla loves you.
But it's no big deal.
I just want you to be happy.
Name your son Metin, ok?
Metin? No way!
I couldn't look the other way,
and so I had to leave your life, Madam.
I can't believe my father said that.
But still, did you have to marry that
woman right away?
I don't know what to do in such
situations.
That girl had come all the way from
Germany for me!
And I had to forget you.
So I decided marrying that woman
was the right thing to do.
Besides, she's an excellent cook.
Is that it? I could have cooked for you.
What's the big deal?
Come on!
I'll ask something but don't get me wrong.
Now he is hanging out with the girl there.
What if he hugs her? But not like
a friend's hug, like a lover's hug.
Is that considered cheating?
Would you be jealous and get upset?
I don't know.
He doesn't even look like me.
He's like a stranger.
If he hugs her...
-I would still be jealous.
-Really!
-Really.
I'm also annoyed but...
Why didn't you come and tell me!
What about you, then?
As soon as we broke up,
the next day you threw yourself into
that weirdo's arms!
-How can you talk to me like this?
-Not at all.
I have been walking around with these
19-inch glasses for
12 years because of you!
I never took them off!
Please, stop fighting and listen to me.
You have already been apart for 12 years.
You didn't even talk to each other.
You live different lives now,
but you still have a chance.
I can change this.
But I have to take my stick back and
Arda has my stick.
How can we get my stick from Arda?
I don't know. How?
I don't know. Wouldn't he give it to you
if you asked him?
He would never. After his father left,
he locked it to a secure room.
Then how will we get the stick back?
Well!
I thought the conversation would
never come to this!
We have been here for a while and it
would be a pity
not to talk about it.
When will we get this stick?
Come on Nurten!
-Are you ready, Zeynep?
-I am.
It's not necessary. I know the password.
It's Arda's birthday.
They really are the most intelligent
people.
Where is my stick?
Are you looking for this?
Wow!
Wow! I mean really, wow!
My wife is cheating on me with that poor
guy with a mustache! Wow!
I'm taking this as meaning
I am not liked by your highness.
It's 2023. Are you really still talking
like this?
-Isn't it so ridiculous, bro!
-It's very ridiculous!
I really don't know why I am talking
this way.
This was a trend back in the day
but I don't remember it exactly.
You tried to make your hair look like
mine too, what are you up to?
-Why, is it bad!
-Of course it's bad!
You are losing your hair.
After my matrimony,
I became an officer at the foundation.
That's when all started.
Arda, son, can I take it back before
something happens?
Are you talking about this?
How does this work, Grandpa?
Something happens when
you lift it like this, right?
This is great. I was dreaming of this.
I feel great, Grandpa.
-Are you ready, Grandpa?
-More than ready!
My brother, Mecnun.
When you go back to your time,
can you go find me and tell me
that I am your best friend?
-Brother Ismail, you are my best friend.
You are a real man, I'm telling you.
I have to be on my way.
And you please shave that mustache!
What's with that?
Of course, sir.
Grandpa, are we in our own time?
-Our time?
-Have we returned to our time
What are you talking about? We are in
Istanbul, get up already! My back hurts.
Grandpa! Your beard! It's back!
Don't touch my beard! Are you crazy?
I had a terrible nightmare, Grandpa!
It was terrible but it was so real.
Grandpa, we were in 2023.
I had a mustache.
A disgusting mustache!
I you had seen me, I was disgusting.
I was married with three children.
You didn't have your beard or your stick.
You had weird hair.
You were building a time machine for us
to get back to the past.
What! I didn't have a beard?
How did I look?
-Was I handsome?
-You were. Your face was brighter.
Well then I will try that.
I will go to a barber.
Grandpa, please don't.
I love you this way.
-Let's try it.
-I'm serious. Listen to me.